well here at child reach we have one
goal in mind and that is to help parents
be the best they can be and in order to
do that we need to fundraise us we offer
all of our programs free and we don't
receive any funding so one of our board
members came up with the idea of the
Color Run so we checked them out and
that's how the idea of the color fun
runs
there
I
I'm the guy
this is my first and never been to a
color run before I thought I've seen my
she thought it would be a lot of fun and
it was a riotous it was mad and ran the
whole race I was actually surprised i
actually did they say she walked through
the color runs as if ya you run right
through you won't get a lot of paint
if
well in the end we had 500 people come
out and do the run he had over a hundred
volunteers we had a lot of our sponsors
represented and I'd like to thank
everybody it was promoted healthy active
living it was a different type of event
for us and it was so much fun we ended
up raising twenty thousand dollars to
help London's most vulnerable parents
and it doesn't get much much better than